doc1:
The gastrointestinal (GI) tract plays a key role in both the clinical manifestations and pathogenesis of HIV infection. As a mucosal surface, the GI tract serves as an important barrier between pathogens in the external environment and the body's sterile internal environment [1]. The tight epithelial junctions, as well as the local immune system of the GI tract, protect against pathogenic organisms. However, in the face of HIV infection, normal defenses are disrupted, leading to a wide range of clinical and pathogenic consequences

doc2:
 
 Sexually transmitted infections (STIs), also known as sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) or venereal diseases (VD) are diseases that are passed on from one person to another through sexual contact.
 Sexually transmitted infections have been around for thousands of years. The genital areas are generally moist and warm environments - ideal for the growth of yeasts, viruses, and bacteria.
 With the advent of highly active antitretroviral therapy (HAART), opportunistic etiologies, along with enteropathy of Sexually transmitted infection, dramatically decreased. HAART not only improves the systemic immune system, but also the local cellular immunity of the alimentary tract. Hence, HAART became the cornerstone for both the prevention and treatment of opportunistic alimentary tract infections and enteropathy of Sexually transmitted infection. 


doc3:

Some recency testing is underway on experimental vaccines to prevent and treat AIDS, but no vaccines are approved for use outside of clinical trials. Even though there are no vaccines to prevent or cure AIDS, people having AIDS can benefit from vaccines against other diseases.


doc4:

Diarrhea, the most common digestive tract complaint, can occur during AIDS. Within days of AIDS, an intense infiltration of virus-laden lymphocytes is present within the bowel wall and may manifest as diarrhea during seroconverting illness. 

doc5:

If you wake up talking with a strong Jamaican accent, despite the fact that you’ve never even heard a Jamaican accent before, then the chances are you’re suffering from foreign accent syndrome.
This syndrome was once regarded as a psychological disorder, but it’s now thought to be a neurological one, which comes about when a stroke or injury damages the part of the brain associated with speech.

doc6:

Imagine going for genetic tests along with your children, only to find that you can’t possibly be their biological mother – despite the fact that you gave birth to them.
This isn’t science fiction. It has actually happened to a few people around the world. In the case, it turned out that the mother was a chimera (a mix of two individuals). She was the composite of two non-identical twins that had fused in her mother’s womb.

